IF IT IS MONDAY WE HAVE BREAKING NEWS ABOUT IMPEACHMENT.
NEWS ABOUT IMPEACHMENT. >> GOOD EVENING, I’M KATY TUR IN
>> GOOD EVENING, I’M KATY TUR IN FOR CHUCK TODD, THE PRESIDENT
FOR CHUCK TODD, THE PRESIDENT REPORTEDLY TOLD VOTERS THAT THE
REPORTEDLY TOLD VOTERS THAT THE DEMOCRATS HATE JEWISH PEOPLE.
DEMOCRATS HATE JEWISH PEOPLE. AND BOB MUELLER COULD BE
AND BOB MUELLER COULD BE DELIVERING HIS REPORT TO THE
DELIVERING HIS REPORT TO THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT REALLY ANY
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT REALLY ANY MINUTE.
MINUTE. BUT WE BEGIN TONIGHT WITH
BUT WE BEGIN TONIGHT WITH BREAKING NEWS BECAUSE AT A
BREAKING NEWS BECAUSE AT A MOMENT WHEN EVERYONE WANTS TO
MOMENT WHEN EVERYONE WANTS TO KNOW IF BOB MUELLER’S REPORT
KNOW IF BOB MUELLER’S REPORT WILL INCLUDE POTENTIALLY
WILL INCLUDE POTENTIALLY IMPEACHABLE OFFENSES, SPEAKER OF
IMPEACHABLE OFFENSES, SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE NANCY PELOSI BASICALLY
THE HOUSE NANCY PELOSI BASICALLY SAID THAT THE DEMOCRATS WILL NOT
SAID THAT THE DEMOCRATS WILL NOT MOVE TO IMPEACH THE KNOT MATTER
MOVE TO IMPEACH THE KNOT MATTER WHAT THE REPORT FINDS.
WHAT THE REPORT FINDS. SHE SAYS I’M NOT FOR
SHE SAYS I’M NOT FOR IMPEACHMENT.
IMPEACHMENT. THIS IS NEWS, I’M GOING TO GIVE
THIS IS NEWS, I’M GOING TO GIVE YOU SOME NEWS RIGHT NOW BECAUSE
YOU SOME NEWS RIGHT NOW BECAUSE I HAVE NOT SAID THIS TO ANY
I HAVE NOT SAID THIS TO ANY PRESS PERSON BEFORE, BUT SINCE
PRESS PERSON BEFORE, BUT SINCE YOU ASKED AND I HAVE BEEN
YOU ASKED AND I HAVE BEEN THINKING ABOUT THIS, IMPEACHMENT
THINKING ABOUT THIS, IMPEACHMENT IS SO DIVISIVE, I DON’T THINK WE
IS SO DIVISIVE, I DON’T THINK WE SHOULD GO DOWN THAT PATH, HE IS
SHOULD GO DOWN THAT PATH, HE IS NOT WORTH IT.
NOT WORTH IT. PELOSI SAID THE PRESIDENT IS
PELOSI SAID THE PRESIDENT IS UNFIT FOR OFFICER AND SEVEN IN
UNFIT FOR OFFICER AND SEVEN IN TEN DEMOCRATS THAT VOTED IN THE
TEN DEMOCRATS THAT VOTED IN THE MIDTERM SAID THAT CONGRESS
MIDTERM SAID THAT CONGRESS SHOULD IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT AND
SHOULD IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT AND THAT WAS BEFORE THERE WAS ANY